Add environment variable parsing for rose_ana config and amend documentation for thread option (#2394)
metomi/rose: sphinx/tutorial/rose/furthertopics/rose-stem.rst

   [ana:config]
   grepper-report-limit=5
   skip-if-all-files-missing=.true.
   threads=10

> Each of these modifies the behaviour of ``grepper``. The first option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these modifies the behaviour of ``grepper``. The ``grepper-report-limit`` option
```

suppresses printed output for each analysis task once the specified number

> of lines have been printed (in this case 5 lines). The second option

Reviewer: of lines have been printed (in this case 5 lines). The  ``skip-if-all-files-missing`` option

causes Rose Ana to skip any ``grepper`` tasks which compare files in the

> case that both files do not exist. Finally the third option will cause 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
case that both files do not exist. Finally the `threads` option will cause 
``

> case that both files do not exist. Finally the third option will cause 

Reviewer: I think that this would be better as a definition list - in rst this can be in the format
```rst
``grepper-report-limit``
    suppress printed output for each analysis task once the specified number
    of lines have been printed (in this case 5 lines). 
```

Author: Agreed, have now done so
